# Data Processing and Reporting Project\n\nThis repository contains a robust data processing pipeline designed to extract, transform, and present key business metrics. It features a Python script for data analysis, a converted dataset, and an automated Continuous Integration (CI) workflow using GitHub Actions to ensure code quality and deploy results.\n\n## Project Structure\n\n*   `execute.py`: The core Python script responsible for processing `data.csv`. It calculates various metrics, including revenue and profit, and outputs the results in JSON format.\n*   `data.xlsx`: The original data source in Excel format.\n*   `data.csv`: The converted CSV version of the data, used by `execute.py`.\n*   `.github/workflows/ci.yml`: GitHub Actions workflow definition for automated checks and deployment.\n*   `index.html`: (Self-generated by the task, placeholder for potential future web interface)\n*   `LICENSE`: MIT License for the project.\n\n## Features\n\n*   **Data Conversion**: Seamless conversion from `.xlsx` to `.csv` format for efficient processing.\n*   **Data Analysis**: `execute.py` performs calculations such as total revenue, profit, and average revenue per transaction.\n*   **Error Correction**: The `execute.py` script has been reviewed and corrected to ensure accurate variable naming and calculation logic (e.g., fixing the "revenew" typo).\n*   **Automated CI/CD**:\n    *   **Linting**: Integrates `ruff` for Python code style and quality checks.\n    *   **Script Execution**: Automatically runs `execute.py` to generate `result.json`.\n    *   **GitHub Pages Deployment**: Publishes the generated `result.json` artifact to GitHub Pages, making the analysis results easily accessible.\n\n## Setup and Local Development\n\n### Prerequisites\n\n*   Python 3.11+\n*   Pandas 2.3+\n*   Ruff (for linting)\n\n### Installation\n\n1.  Clone the repository:\n    ```bash\n    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git\n    cd your-repo-name\n    ```\n2.  Install dependencies:\n    ```bash\n    pip install pandas ruff\n    ```\n\n### Running the Script\n\nTo run the data processing script locally:\n\n```bash\npython execute.py > result.json\n```\n\nThis will generate `result.json` in your project root, containing the processed data.\n\n### Linting\n\nTo run `ruff` locally:\n\n```bash\nruff check .\n```\n\n## GitHub Actions Workflow\n\nThe `.github/workflows/ci.yml` file defines the CI pipeline. On every push to the `main` branch, the workflow will:\n\n1.  Set up Python environment.\n2.  Install dependencies (Pandas, Ruff).\n3.  Run `ruff` to check code quality.\n4.  Execute `execute.py`, redirecting its output to `result.json`.\n5.  Deploy `result.json` to GitHub Pages.\n\nThe `result.json` file is **not committed** to the repository; it is generated dynamically by the CI pipeline and published via GitHub Pages.\n\n## Accessing Results\n\nAfter a successful CI run, the `result.json` will be available via GitHub Pages at:\n\n`https://your-username.github.io/your-repo-name/result.json`\n\n(Replace `your-username` and `your-repo-name` with your actual GitHub details.)\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.\n